gh-123503: Replace usages of addinfourl and HTTPResponse deprecated attributes with stable ones (#132670)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-04-18-04-47-39.gh-issue-123503.mfg0wD.rst

> Deprecated attributes urllib.response.addinfourl.status and http.client.HTTPResponse.info() have been replaced with their modern equivalents (HTTPResponse.headers) while maintaining backwards-compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsitute internal usages of deprecated attributes :attr:`addinfourl.code
<urllib.response.addinfourl.code>` and :meth:`HTTPResponse.info
<http.client.HTTPResponse.info>` for their recommended equivalents
(:attr:`addinfourl.status <urllib.response.addinfourl.status>` and
:attr::`HTTPResponse.headers <http.client.HTTPResponse.headers>`),
while retaining backwards compatibility.
```

> Subsitute internal usages of deprecated attributes :attr:`addinfourl.code
> <urllib.response.addinfourl.code>` and :meth:`HTTPResponse.info
> <http.client.HTTPResponse.info>` for their recommended equivalents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace usages of deprecated attributes :attr:`addinfourl.code
<urllib.response.addinfourl.code>` and :meth:`HTTPResponse.info
<http.client.HTTPResponse.info>` with their recommended equivalents
```

“Substitute A for B” means remove B and replace it with A.

Reviewer: Ups! my bad. I sometimes confuse the two directions :')
